if you never been to Brooklyn you you
should know this borough is home to some
of the thickest and scraggly as beards
this side of Fallujah I mean it is
remarkable they are there are a lot of
beards here even though women have
beards in Brooklyn it's sometimes I'm
not sure if we're in Brooklyn or at a
Civil War Reenactment and so we thought
it might be fun to make a game out of
that here's how the game will work I'm
gonna show you a close-up of a beard you
have to guess if said beard is from
belongs to someone from Williamsburg or
Gettysburg okay time to play a
Williamsburg or Gettysburg here we go
[Music]
this gentleman is he from Williamsburg
or Gettysburg everyone says Gettysburg
let's see he is Roseburg Gettysburg yet
next does this beard belong to
Williamsburg or Gettysburg
everyone says Williamsburg let's take a
look Wynn's burg you're doing
good so far let's see another everyone
says Gettysburg and it is kiddies for
you that's right Wow
very very good with beards what is the
origin of this beard is it
Williamsburg is the end let's see is it
I ain't from Gettysburg next all right
well let's say let's find out Gettysburg
Gettysburg is right so far you got a
hundred percent of them next the
audience says Williamsburg
[Applause]
[Music]
Gettysburg the audience says Gettysburg
I'm from Brooklyn baba bhai view this
hipster our soldier let's see and we
have Gettysburg the audience says
Gettysburg get Gettysburg Dave lives in
Gettysburg now Gary what do you think of
Dave Letterman's beard
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy